The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Everyone in this city
wants me dead because of you.
He's got my son.
Together we can get to Asif.
I get my baby. You get your answers.
Thanks for bringing me
in on this. old friend.
We couldn't have done
any of this with out you.
I'll see you in two days.
To legalise
drugs you need suppliers.
"I've just
seen Henry Amiel with Asif Afridi.
"They're behind the spiking."
Don't you want to know
the truth about your wife?
- I think they know.
- Just stick to the plan. I need that information.
That logo;
it was on some files Naomi had.
If anyone comes for you and your
mother. you need to be ready...
especially if that person is Elliot.
The order to kill Sean
was sent to this phone.
And this is the number if came from.
It's got which territories.
it's what they grow.
Everything.
This is brilliant.
This... This won't be traced
back to me. will it?
No-one knows you're my source.
Look.
you need to be careful too now.
These people are very powerful.
Not for much longer.
Ugh!
Stop the fucking car now!
I am warning you!
Closer!
Ugh! Fuck!
"I didn't get the file.
"She's heading your way."
Help. Please. help.
We've been experimenting
with a variety
of different
Papaver somniferum cultivars
to see which respond best
to local soil and climate.
The yield from this one
has been outstanding.
It's giving us. on average.
95 milligrams per pod.
Maybe we should wait
until she's done.
She'll want to know.
How much is that per hectare?
25 kilograms.
This had better be important.
Naomi Keegan is dead.
Her son was with her.
He was killed too.
Go and wait outside.
I'll be there when I'm done.
Ugh!
This is your last fucking chance
to save your family.
Ugh!
I told you...
they had nothing to do with this.
Ugh!
Oof!
Ugh! Ugh!
Just tell us who ordered this.
and Shannon and Danny.
they don't die.
I told you... this is all me.
He's lying.
You're not gonna give Henry Amiel
and Asif Afridi
a little bit of credit?
We're wasting our time
with this fucking snake.
Liam. take as many men as you need.
find Danny and Shannon.
and kill them. Of course.
Wait! Wait!
Wait! Agh!
Give me your word that nothing
will happen to my family?
Give me your word...
that nothing
will happen to my family.
You tell us what we need...
they're safe.
Now... give us a name.
The spiking was ordered
by a woman called...
Isabel Vaughn.
Who?
A businesswoman.
An investor?
How do we meet this woman?
'She's hosting a meeting today.
'and I have an invitation.'
Where have you been?
I've been calling you.
I know about you.
And Ed Dumani and Asif Afridi.
Hundreds died
because of that spiking.
Fuck me. Henry. you're in bed
with the people behind it?
Who told you this nonsense?
Elliot Carter.
How long have
we known each other. Simone?
What? So you're going to take
a criminal's word over mine. now?
I checked.
I checked back
through our past campaign donors.
and we have been receiving
large donations from companies
that are linked to Asif Afridi.
I mean. seriously. Henry!
Seriously.
Fuck. Henry. all this time.
people like him
have been bankrolling
this administration!
Don't be so fucking naive. Simone.
That is how politics works.
Well...
I have to tell the police.
Well. I'll be the one
talking to the police.
You're a fucking drug user.
who illegally released
a criminal from custody.
I got you out of
that fucking shithole of an estate.
and I have made you Mayor of London!
So. just remember that.
Was...?
Was this is your plan all along?
I have a meeting to go to.
So. you stay here
and you sort your fucking shit out.
Because there is
a press conference later
to announce our plans to legalise.
And that is what you're
going to say.
You fuck this up.
and I'll see to it
that you not only lose your job.
but I'll have you locked up
for every single law you've broken.
Find out who murdered Sean.
Then give them what they deserve.
I'm proud of you. Billy.
You ready?
You've got to be fucking kidding.
I'm not going with you.
Either I go with you.
or I go by myself.
Either way.
I'm meeting Isabel Vaughn today.
Ugh! Fuck!
Ugh!
Urgh!
In case you're wondering...
I'm enjoying every second of this.
Don't get too comfortable.
Cornelius.
Again.
It was me
who wanted rid of you back then.
But Finn wasn't convinced.
He liked you.
But Marian sided with me.
Argh!
His... His... His own sister
wanted him gone. Luan.
Argh!
Do you blame her?
Look at him. with this stick
and his fancy dress.
He's trash.
a savage. and she knows it.
Argh!
Urgh!
Your own sister is ashamed of you.
and nothing is going to change that.
Give me his fucking phone.
Luan?
You promised my family
would be safe.
Luan?
Get in the car. Mm-hm.
Danny. you wait here.
I'm gonna go and find Grandad.
OK. Mum.
Dad?!
Where's Danny?
Luan. he's only a child.
So was Elira.
Please.
Danny?
Stop! No!
Stop! Mum!
Best drop that gun. boy.
Argh!
Fucking stop it!
Urgh!
Your name please. sir?
Ed Dumani.
In the next few days. the Mayor
will announce her intention
to begin the legislative process
to legalise drugs in London.
It's a process that will take
around 18 months to implement.
but I have assurances from the PM
that he will get behind this policy.
The really exciting
part about this legislation
is that it will create a brand-new.
$100 billion industry.
the production of these drugs.
once legalised.
It's a production process
that will be licensed
the way telecoms
and lotteries are licensed.
And. with great foresight.
Vaughn Alliance
has acquired large parcels of land
in Turkey. Pakistan.
Myanmar and Peru.
where we have been running
extensive tests
to ascertain which poppy
and coca plant cultivars
perform best in each region.
Vaughn Alliance
will be uniquely primed
and ready to bid for these drug
production licences.
Ed Dumani is here.
James. could you
show our guests into my office?
We can talk there in private.
Certainly.
Marian.
Marian. let me go.
Let me get Shannon and Danny...
and I will leave London forever.
I'll give you my word.
Why would I believe your word?
I'll... I'll give you.
whatever assurances you wanted.
Any compensation.
It's too late for that.
It doesn't have to be.
We can make this right.
Not this time.
How long have
we known each other. Marian?
We...
We practically
raised our children together.
Doesn't that count for anything?
I could ask you the same thing.
You weren't meant to be
part of any of this.
I chose that shipment
because you had no stake in it.
And Sean?
I gave the order.
But that decision
was taken above my head.
I can tell you
who pulled the trigger.
It doesn't change what you did.
His name is Zeek.
His mother is Emi Kimura.
Remember Emi?
He sent you that phone.
to drive a wedge between us.
You're lying.
Let me go.
and I will take you to him.
Come on. Marian.
It's me.
Liam?
Give me your gun.
What can I do for you?
I think you know why we're here.
Tell me how much you lost on the
drugs. and I will have the money-
This is not about money.
Oh? Then. what?
I want to know why?
In service of the greater good.
What the fuck does that mean?
Do you have any idea
how much misery
the illegal drugs trade causes?
Hmm?
The overdoses and gang murders.
crimes to feed a habit.
You are not answering my question.
Spiking was necessary.
Public perception needs to shift.
Nothing is working.
We need a whole new approach.
to the drugs problem.
600 people died!
There is always a price in a war.
In time. we will save hundreds
of thousands of people.
And you'll make
some spare change on the side.
Do you think. if somebody found
a cure for cancer tomorrow.
that they wouldn't make
a profit from it.
as well as making
the world a better place?
The two aren't necessarily
mutually exclusive.
And what about my brother?
Are you going to tell me that his
death was part of the greater good?
That was Ed Dumani's decision.
He couldn't have done it
without your approval.
It's really very boring when people
can't see the big picture.
Ugh!
Shit!
Argh!
Fuck.
Thanks.
I can make you very rich.
I do not care about the money.
This...
This is for killing my wife and son.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Naomi Keegan.
And Samuel Carter.
So. you do know them?
Of course.
Your wife worked for me.
Naomi drew up the framework
for the legalisation of drugs.
She...
believed passionately
in everything that we are doing.
What happened to Naomi
and your son...
was a terrible. terrible tragedy.
No.
You. you fucking killed them.
Cos I know that the crash
with the truck was staged
to look like a hit and run.
You paid them.
You paid them to kill them.
That was his father.
He found out what we were doing.
and he had Naomi killed
as a warning.
She's fucking lying.
Lying to save her arse.
What the fuck!
Don't fall
for her fucking bullshit. man.
I admired your wife.
I would never have hurt her.
I'm gonna go
and find out the truth.
Whichever one of you is lying to me.
I swear to God...
I'll fucking kill you.
Ugh!
Ugh! Ugh!
Why would you
work for the investors again.
after what they did to Finn
and Alex?
They left me no choice.
They are about to legalise drugs.
and that will mean
the end for the rest of us.
But if you let me go.
I promise you.
I will make sure that we...
Wallace and Dumani...
are part of the new order.
Billy?
"It was Ed's
decision to kill Sean."
OK.
This is for Sean.
You...
You hadn't seen him for over a year.
Th-The last time you saw him.
he tried to kill you.
He was still my son.
Don't play the grieving mother
with me. Marian.
You never cared for your children.
Living there.
in that cold fucking mausoleum.
You have betrayed me
and my family for the last time.
"Family."
What family. Marian?
Did you never wonder
why Finn had so many mistresses?
You're cold. Marian.
At least I'm dying...
knowing that I loved...
and I was loved.
And that is more
than you will ever have. or-
Please.
Mbrapa.
Please. Luan.
Mum?
Please. No. please.
He's only a child. please.
Now you're gonna
know how you feel...
to watch your child die
before your eyes.
Elira's death
was a terrible mistake.
You can kill me.
but please don't kill Danny.
I am begging you.
From one parent to another.
please don't kill my baby.
I have to.
Luan. you don't have to. Please.
Please.
Ahhh!
I'm sorry.
It must have been difficult for you.
What are we going to do
about Shannon and Danny?
They're being taken care of.
We gave our word they'd be safe.
Danny is a kid.
I practically grew up with Shannon.
We gave them our word.
Well...
it's done.
Do you remember years ago...
when Dad had that lawyer killed?
But she had her kid
in the car with her.
And he died too.
What of it?
That was Elliot's wife and son.
All this time.
I've blamed him for taking my arm.
for putting Sean behind bars.
but what we did to him...
it was much worse.
Does Elliot know it was us?
Vaughn told him it was Dad.
But I denied it.
So. he's not certain.
Not yet. anyway.
Kill him before he is certain.
Is that the answer to everything?
Kill Ed. Kill Shannon.
Kill Danny.
Kill Elliot's wife. kill his son...
and then him?
Would you prefer we wait
until he comes after us instead?
If you want this life. Billy...
you have to be capable
of making difficult decisions.
Ed Dumani and Asif Afridi
orchestrated the spiking.
to soften public perception.
towards the legalisation of drugs.
Yeah. I know.
It seems my whole career
has been about them...
grooming me
to introduce legalisation.
Here.
The author of that report
is my wife.
She knew legalisation
was the only way to get rid
of drug-related crime.
When they found out
what she was doing...
they killed her and my son.
Oh. Elliot. I'm so sorry.
The worst part. actually...
is that in all of this...
I've become
what she was trying to destroy.
I'm one of the people
that killed her.
Use that to take down the gangs.
No. I...
I don't know that I can.
Of course you can.
Don't be like me.
Don't lose your bearings.
Remember why you started this.
Good luck.
Ugh! Elliot. wait.
Erm...
your confession.
Elliot. "Yeah."
It's me.
I need to see you.
I think I know who killed your wife
and son.
"Erm before
I take any questions.
"I would like to make a statement."
In the last few moments
I have just learned
that my colleague. Henry Amiel...
has been murdered...
in a gangland assassination.
Henry was a man of integrity
and great vision.
And someone I could always trust.
"I'd like to offer my deepest
condolences to Henry's family
"in their moment of profound grief."
I believe that Henry was targeted.
'Because he had been developing
a strategy
'to legalise. regulate and tax
the production of illicit drugs.'
"So. this strategy would
take the illegal drugs trade..."
out of the hands of gangsters.
With the Prime Minister's support...
"I will ensure that Henry's
vision becomes a reality.
"London will become a test case
for this initiative.
"and if successful will be rolled
out across the country."
"I have no doubt.
that legalisation
"is the single
most effective weapon...
"that we have
against organised crime gangs."
'This initiative will significantly
weaken their power to operate.'
And so. it is
with absolute confidence...
"that I am putting
the gangs on notice. Your days
"of terrorising this city...
"are numbered."
What did you find out?
Sit down.
Did I ever tell you
that when I was a kid...
my father buried
a man up to his neck in the ground?
He gave a gun to Sean...
and told him to shoot him.
Just tell me what you found.
But he couldn't.
You don't have to do it.
No.
Please. No. don't please.
He couldn't do it.
So. I shot him instead.
How many people have you killed.
Elliot?
I don't know.
Me neither.
I've lost count.
I've forgotten most of them.
But there's a few I haven't.
I can't.
Do you want some advice?
Get as far away from here
as you can.
And never come back.
Because this fucking life of ours
takes everything you have
and it destroys it.
Bill... I don't know what's happened
here-And you think you're winning.
I know you do. But you can't.
You can't win... at this game.
Look at my dad.
Look at Sean.
The Dumanis.
Even Luan's family.
all of them. fucked.
Nobody wins.
Nobody ever fucking wins.
I mean. look at what
happened to your wife and son.
Just fucking tell me.
Kill me.
- I'm not killing you. Bill.
- I deserve it. - I don't care.
I deserve to die.
I killed your wife and son.
This is not fucking funny.
It's true. though. No.
I know who was driving the truck.
and I sure as fucking hell
know it wasn't you.
No. but I was there.
My dad wanted information
back from her.
No. no. no. you're lying now!
I saw her. I saw her in the car.
I saw her.
My son.
He's in the back.
'And I saw your boy too.'
I could have saved them.
She begged me.
She begged me to save your son.
'Help my son.'
Please.
Please help my son.
'And I didn't.'
I let them burn.
I let them both fucking burn!
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today